>> Jafar Husain: Any other
questions we have around this?
>> Speaker 2: I've got a question
about the from event stuff.
I know you can use from event for
hooking into other vendor libraries
like Mapbox, for example.
>> Jafar Husain: Mapbox did you say?
>> Speaker 2: Like any library that
would implement an event system.
>> Jafar Husain: Anything that
uses the add event lister or
move event lister pattern, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: So is it, is it dependent
on it using that exact function name?
>> Jafar Husain: I'd say, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And is there anyway
to hook custom unsubscribe logic or
at that point would you just do
your own observer around it.
>> Jafar Husain: In other
words what you're saying is,
if when you want to unsubscribe
you wanna do additional stuff.
Then yeah, I would basically,
there's a variety of things you can do.
But in that case I would basically
define my unsubscribe method and
then put the extra logic
inside of the unsubscription.
So that's one of the rare cases.
In general, where you're defining
your own subscribe method,
it's at the edges of the system where
you're adapting existing callback APIs.
Into and observable.
Those are usually the rare cases where you
have to write your own subscribe method.
The other more rare case is performance,
and that's something worth talking about,
right?
I can tell you that this way in which
we've implemented preload image.
There's a lot of observables actually
being created here, if you think about it.
We've got an observable for
failure, one for success.
We have the outer observable defer, then
we have the observable created for merge.
There's a lot of layers now,
in general, my advice here is do not
worry about performance in practice
if you're using observable correctly.
You're only doing, you know,
this work of setting up the observables.
In general, events come very infrequently.
Like, most events, a must you're doing
something like gesture recognition or and
our mouse moves or something.
Most events come in very infrequently, and
so although this is the lot of work
relative to a simple state machine and
a bunch of nested call backs, it's still
probably not negligible for your program.
So as always, my recommendation
is do the simplest thing,
which is usually an observable flow.
And then profile it and
find out if it's slow.
And then you can rewrite it by collapsing
a whole bunch of these operators,
as we just saw,
into a single definition of subscribe.
Does that make sense?
So subscribe can sometimes be useful for
performance but be careful before you
start doing that for perf reasons.
So make sure you know that's actually
where the bottleneck in your program is.
Because most of the time it isn't.
>> Jafar Husain: Any other questions
you've got there in cyber space?
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: If we on error
instead of loading and a URL.
Wanted to trigger the next image?
>> Jafar Husain: Totally good idea.
Yeah, good idea what if we wanted
to trigger the next image?
We'd probably have to reformulate the
program a little bit cuz right now it's
index based but
it's an interesting question actually.
I don't have time to tackle that,
maybe I do.
So let's think about it,
in reality we have an observable
that it's kind of interesting because
it's challenging with an observable,
because it's a push system rather
than a pull system, right?
With an iterator we would just pull,
that failed, I'm gonna go and
pull the next one,
that failed, etcetera, right?
What you could do is you
could create a new observable
that actually cycles through
all the indexes, right, and
you could basically take until the first
one comes out that's successful.
But that's actually kind of challenging to
do, because it would have to cycle through
all the indices you'd have to
being preloading them, right.
Since it's asynchronous.
So you wouldn't know until you
actually successfully preloaded.
So this might be an area where you
might want to write a custom operator.
And in a sense it's kind
of like a flattened.
Right, if you think about it.
I've got this stream of data and
I've got this two-dimensional stream.
And I want to try something.
I wanna load something ,right, but
in this case I'd have to probably think
about the program a little bit differently
because the index is only coming
in from next and forward buttons.
It's really the user in control
of feeding you the next index.
>> Jafar Husain: Yeah,
I think we could do it.
I'd need to reformulate
the program quite a bit.
>> Jafar Husain: Another thing we could
talk about would be like, and similar,
along the same lines, would be like, well,
what happens if we press next and then,
cuz I know with the image viewer.
I like to be able to maybe just press
next and then just hang back and
have it switch every ten seconds or
something like that, right?
So that'd be an interesting exercise,
I'll leave those ones for exercises for
the user.
But that one might be
a little more tractable.
How do you set it up so maybe
something like a set interval, right?
How do you set it up so
that when they hit next,
they're really just changing direction?
And then every ten seconds you're
applying that change to get the indexes,
does that make sense?